I remember my father's dying breath. Anguished, pained. But most of all, betrayed. A cut above his left brow blinded him, but he looked into me with his right. Another stone, thrown by someone else in the crowd, drew the rest of his energy. The crowd went silent, then they went about their day like it was nothing. Auntie shuffled me inside.

That night, I couldn't sleep. I approached the site of execution. Crouched by his body, I watched the ants trailing among the cobbles to avoid his gaze. This man, who I'd only met this week, had died. He was my father. I neither cried, nor was I upset. Standing, I took one final look over his mangled corpse. His right eye stared deeply into me. His blame and judgement weighed down my shoulders. My ears started to ring. A raven landed on his head and plucked the left eye out. It looked at me, and silently cawed. From deep within it's throat, the other eye, a deep hazel, stared through me.

It had been years since I had that dream. I touched the tip of my index to my thumb. Then my middle, ring, and pinky. Ten times, then again on the left. Languidly, I opened my eyes. It was a little before dawn, the sun threatening to seep through the wattle roofing. I stood, lightly dressed myself, and then left.

The dawn's air was cold. The hair on the back of my neck brushed against my collar. The gravel shifted underneath my sandals, as I walked to the well with empty buckets swaying against my shins. Then I returned to the house, with full buckets. 