# [Eye of the Storm](index)

[<- return to chapter 1](01)

## Chapter 2: Fencing with Friends!

"They're late." Caerlin snarled with agitation. Her ears twitched, searching for signs of the tardy adventurers. She leaned on Just a Sword.

"I.. I'm here!" Archie protested, feebily. He was always punctual for the weekly fencing lessons.

Caerlin sighed. It wouldn't do to delay the lesson. "We should start then. Here." Caerlin offered Archie a wooden longsword - a simple wooden dowel around four feet in length, with a smaller section lashed onto it to act as a crossguard. Archie took it, too hastily - it slipped from his right hand, his left came to grab it, but it rebounded, and clattered on the ground between them. Archie bent over to pick it up, while Caerlin closed her eyes and took a breath. This was not how the session was supposed to go. She set aside Just a Sword on the bench against the side of the Inn.

"Your goal." Caerlin held her own sword pointed directly at Archie. "Is to hit, and not get hit. Easy enough, except the other person is trying to do the same. Let's begin." Caerlin stood there, as if baiting a boar to charge. But Archie was no boar. Each of his advances and strikes was met with a perfect parry, a dodge and slip just in time. When he was out of breath and motivation, Caerlin swept his sword aside, disarming him and flinging it meters away, then lifted his hat from his head. Nothing was damaged - thus was her power, even restrained.

"That was better than last week! Nice work Archie!" Melli applauded, sitting by the benches. Archie was crunched over, hands on his knees, breathing heavily. He looked up at Caerlin for praise. She nodded, sternly. It wouldn't do to over-do praise, especially at this stage. Archie thought it was gleaming.

"Melina. You're late."

"Sorry! Won't happen again!" She picked up another similar, but shorter sword laying on the bench aside her. "Is this for me? Can I play too?"

"You're eager to go, then. Good. Same game, same rules. Try to hit me, don't let me hit you. Be gentle."

"Okay!" Melli was ready as ever, and immediately closed the distance before Caerlin could back away to her desired distance. She swung at the most readily available target - Caerlin's right thigh, which was covered by light leather armor. Caer lept back and counterattacked with a rising cut, but Melli was too quick - she jumped over and gently tapped Caerlin on the shoulder. "My point!"

"Good! Again!" They backed up to a respectable distance, then went back at it. Melli was quick to take on an aggressive angle, trying to get into range of Caerlin's - and Caer was quick to back away. Archie thought that Caerlin must be holding back. Regardless, he could see they were both having the time of their lives. It was play - like a mother cat and her kitten playing at hunting each other. They traded points, until "Match point. The winner of this exchange wins the bout." Caerlin took the offensive, lunging forward with a thrust. Melina, reflexes sharp as a cat - took a step back, barely clearing it.

She took small steps back, while Caerlin slowly advanced. Caerlin kept her sword in the centerline, not letting Melli get a step in. Archie was familiar with this tactic - using her extended reach to it's full advantage. When someone's twice your height, it's pretty hard to hit them without some other tactic. Melli backed up against the wall of the Inn. "Uh oh." They both stopped for a second.

"Nowhere to run now, little kitten." Caerlin showed her teeth, an intimidating snarl. She made a quick swipe, to score the point, but Melli bashed it to the side, then jumped off the side of the bench, launching herself in the air. She made an overhand strike, directly to the crown of Caerlin's head - and something shattered. 

Archie took a breath in. No way. Melina gasped as she landed on the floor, looking up at Caerlin."I'm sorry. Are you ok?" Caerlin laughed, with mirth. 

"That's your point. You win the bout. Well fought." Caerlin applauded. After a second, Archie joined in, then Melina. She rubbed her forehead. "That was a good hit. Be careful next time, ok? Good thing Grace made these." She took off a simple cord necklace, buried within her collars and furs. Attached was a cracked white crystal. Melina was still looking unsure. Caerlin knelt down and put a hand on her shoulder. "It's ok. I'm not hurt, see?" Upon closer inspection, Melina couldn't see even a bruise. She hugged her Caerlin around the neck, and Caerlin held her close with a hand behind her back.

Caerlin stood back up, serious again. "Now, where's Neil and Fable?"

"They're coming." It was uncharacteristic of Melli to not offer any more information than that, and Caer lifted an eyebrow, immediately breaking the dam of secrecy. "They wanted to wash up and change before, but I was already ready to go - so I just left them behind." Melina smiled and tilted her head, her mischief quota met for the day.

Archie grinned at the new information. It was a considerably popular conversation topic around the Inn. He could never get anything out of the Innkeeper though. Sworn to secrecy, he supposed. Would you them anything if they'd pass it along to everyone else you know? A moment passes, then Caerlin's eyebrows rose as she looked past Archie, into the distance. He turned around, to see Fable and Neil walking side by side, clearly having just broken a handhold. He smiled and waved. They shyly waved back as they approached.

"Good. Everyone's here. You two better have a reason for being late." They blushed, without a good reason in sight. Caerlin handed them the two swords that she and Archie were using. "The rest of us have already warmed up, now it's your turn." The students shared an alarmed look. It's maybe their third lesson, and it's the first time they'd be up against another student. She picked up the unspoken air. "You won't hurt each other. For safety, here." Caerlin dug out two similar necklaces from a pouch tied to her waist. "Wear these, it'll crack instead of your skull if it needs to."

---

Fable shared a look with Neil, then smiled. They accepted a necklace from Caerlin, then turned around to help Neil into his. Their hands made their way down the cord, lingered on the crystal, then a light touch on his shoulder. Fable accepted the sword, and took a few steps away to begin the bout. They weren't exactly used to this flirting business. But it was fun. The tips of their ears were pink, they were sure. They turned around, and sized up their partner. Neil was more used to in-close fighting, Fable tended to prefer archery. They let a streak of competitive spirit run through themselves - best to try their best.

Caerlin took up her spot to the side of the ring to referee. "Ready? Begin!" The combatants each took a couple paces to their left, circling each other. Neil thrust forward, Fable set it aside to the left and went for a cut with towards Neil's right flank - to find nothing, as he circled around for a light tap on Fable's shoulder.

"One point to Neil!" Caerlin kept score. "Ready? Go!"

Neil went for the same attack, immediately. Fable parried it, hard, planning to improve the opening to their right side. Neil anticipated this - and avoided the parry to try to complete a strike to the right side of Fable's head. They stepped back, just in time, as the sword almost clipped their nose. They took advantage of the slightly off-balance Neil, and scored the point on their right flank.

"Sorry... was that too hard?"

"No.. it's fine." Neil rubbed his ribs. That would bruise.

"One all! Ready? Go!"

Fable decided to go on the offensive, take the centerline like Caerlin taught. They made a cut over their right shoulder, over top of Neil's outstretched guard. Neil's sword clattered to the ground as Fable swept in, stopping the thrust just before it hit Neil's chest. Surprised, he grabbed the end of Fable's sword and moved it aside, then took a step away to pick up his own. He shook his wrists to take away the shock of it.

"Two points for Fable, one for Neil. Match point. Ready? Go!"

Fable smirked. One point up, match point. "Don't go easy on me now. Just because..." they trailed off, aware of the spectators. Caerlin was unreadable as always, Melli was cheering both of them on, and Archie was writing something in his little notebook. Neil shook their head slightly, flashed their own smirk back, then lightly tapped Fable's forearms while they were distracted.
"Two all! Match point!"

That was dirty. Now they *had* to win. They took a quick step forward, brandishing the sword high above thier head, looking for a reaction. Neil didn't move, stock-still, his own sword held by his side in a relaxed posture. Fable swept ahead - nearly jumping - bringing it hard down towards his head. Neil made a rising cut with the same idea. They smashed together, a moment of pause as they tested their muscle against each other. Fable realised they were getting nowhere with it, so grabbed Neil's right hand with their left to control the sword. Fable lost their balance, and fell. Neil dropped his sword, grabbed Fable's hand and back and held them for a second, as if they were doing a dip in a dance. Then they both fell to the ground, Neil landing atop them, with the poles between and around and jabbing into uncomfortable places. After a second, they giggled.

Caerlin looked down at them, from her towering height. "I guess that's a draw. Good fighting, you two." Melina and Archie both clapped, politely. Archie stood up from the benches to help them up from the tangle they ended up in. After getting them up, they stood a little far away from each other, then took some steps forward into a *sportsmanly-like* hug, with pats on the back and such.

They pulled away, at arm's length. Fable smiled. "Good fight." They nodded, appreciatively. They were both still breathing heavily, catching their breath. It was a hard fight.

"Yeah. You fight..."

"Dirty?" Fable laughed. "I had to, if I wanted to win. I'm mostly an archer, remember? Swords aren't really my thing."

"They aren't mine either. It was good though. I liked it."

They approached Caerlin and the other two, who were discussing the play-by-play of the duel: what to do, what to look out for, and what not to do. Mostly, it was positive. Everyone was excited to have something like that, an evenly matched fight. Caerlin was going through the finer details of it, teaching terminology, how to talk about a fight using the correct words, when the Inn's door opened and someone stepped outside. The tinkling of ice against a glass made it clear it was the Innkeeper. Everyone brightened up a little as their mutual friend approached with a tray of drinks.

Caerlin smiled at the Innkeeper, then at her students. "Seems it's breaktime."

The Innkeeper was wearing dull brown attire with a white apron overtop, and a bandana wrapped around their head. Simple, rustic attire designed to blend the wearer into the background - to be a part of the furniture. Better to garner rumours and information from the clientele.

They placed down the tray of drinks onto the table. "Refreshments, with a little something extra for stamina and learning." The Innkeeper grinned, proud of their work. "You should have some. And, one cup of water, for the young lady. They nodded at Melli."

"What? Why don't I get any of that?" Melli whined. She looked towards Caerlin, who had slid one of the glasses towards her. "Can I taste a little bit of yours?" Wordlessly, Caer placed her glass in front of Melli. She took a small sip, and recoiled, placing the glass back on the table. "Ew! What is that?!"

"Mostly orange juice." The sides of Caer's lips curled upwards, enjoying her little mischief. Melli rubbed at her tongue, as if she was removing layers of dust, then grabbed the glass of water to wash it out.

Meaningfully, the Innkeeper looked to Melli. "Felinid Vukakin physiology makes citrus an... acquired taste."

Melli looked like she was about to throw a tantrum, then Neil chuckled. "They got you good, Mel."

She looked at Neil. It was funny, huh? She smiled. The Innkeeper chuckled, glad that their little prank was taken well. "I'll get something for you, just gimme five minutes." Caerlin watched carefully as they walked back into the Inn.

Caerlin had learned to recognize the way they move as someone dangeorus - someone who could truly do some damage should they desire. But they never have, and Caerlin hopes they never will. It was up to the new crop of adventurers to allow the old ones to rest, and then the cycle continues eventually. Nobody could defend the world forever. As a retired adventurer, they could probably also be an instructor for her new school, but when she had brought it up they politely declined - "it was all past them at this point". Maybe she'd have to figure out what their expertise used to be, exactly. She looked back at her intrepid students, part of their little community now. They were playfully talking and teasing each other. She knew that some of them didn't get to have a childhood per se, not like she had. 

"It was the Innkeeper's idea, you know?" Caerlin gestured to the Inn to the side. "We were talking about how quiet it's been since Quasar fell, and we had this idea. A time to share what we know best." The students went into a hush, listening intently. "You are all young - young enough to carry the torch. Each of you have your own particular skillset, and perhaps it will be your time to run your own lessons in the future." Caerlin grinned. Each of the adventurers finding the Inn were truly wonderful in their own way. Really, she was rather impressed. "I'll run the next two weeks, but if any of you would like to instruct on your specialty - it could be anything, really - do let me or the Innkeeper know. We will do our best to support you."

A small silence, each of them taking in the hidden meaning. Adventuring might not be what takes up their days anymore.

"Take ten, we'll finish our lesson then." Caerlin stood up and walked into the Inn, to speak to the Innkeeper.
