Clay was working out in the field, the little community garden by the wayfarers inn. He liked being out here, enjoying the sun and feeling dirt between his fingers. Using his strength for something other than cleaving heads from necks.

He looked up to wipe the sweat off his brow, to see what was up - and he was shocked to see someone he knew watching.

"Tia! You're back!" He dropped his tools, and lept up at a run towards her, his arms outstreched for a hug. She looked unsure, and took a step back. As he slowed his pace, a child with the same bright golden locks peeked out from hiding behind her dress. "You're not Tia." Clay's smile dropped, only momentarily.

"No, I'm not," she giggled slightly, the removed a white glove from her right hand, offering it for a handshake. "I'm her sister. Penelope. <NAME??>. I presume you're Clay?" 

Slightly dazed, Clay took her hand and shook it lightly. It was soft. Fragile. "Yeah.."

"She had a lot of good things to say about you. In the letters." Penelope looked up briefly at the sky. Turning to the child, Penelope took her hand "Say hi, Frida. This is Uncle - you don't mind being an Uncle, do you? Uncle Clay."

"Hi!" Frida waved.

Clay recomposed himself. New friends, perfect. He plastered this wide grin on his face and put his hands on his hips. "Welcome to the Wayfarer's Inn! I hope you enjoy your stay. You could speak to the Innkeeper, they'll fix you a drink or put you up for a night - as long as you want, really. What're you around here for?"

"To be quite frank, Clay, or Mr. Moore, whichever you prefer... I'd like to talk about my sister. I understand you two were on friendly terms?" She smiles, some amount of pain in her eyes. Her voice cracks, the corners of her lips turn down and quiver for a second. "I miss her. Tia."

"We were friends. Fetch us a table, I'll meet you in a sec after I put things away." Penelope and Frida turn to enter the Inn.

Clay hadn't thought of Tia much since everything. Well, he thought of her every day. He didn't want to, not like that. He just hoped she was doing well, wherever she was, whatever she was doing. He put away his tools, brushed off the dirt from his overalls, and entered the Inn.

---

It was quiet, today. The Inn was mostly empty, save for Penelope and Frida sitting at a table by the window. Clay walked over and sat down opposite them, and fiddled with his hands. What was there to say?

The Innkeeper, a tray in their hands, placed onto the table a jug and two glasses, and one smaller glass with a straw sticking out of it. A carbonated bright red drink, with foam on top. They put down a page with kids word games and colour-within-the-line and coloured crayons in front of Frida, who immediately took to it. She kneeled on the cushioned bench and leaned forward into the paper.

"Tia loved doting on her, you know?" Penelope smiled, wistfully. "She loved kids. Just wasn't in the picture for her."

"She never talked about you guys."

"Sounds a lot like her, doesn't it?"

"Yeah."

"She was always all business and prim and proper.. growing up with her was like living with a little tyrant. Mum and dad had to stop her from bossing me about all the time. I liked her a lot better when she went off to study."

Clay lit up. "Right? When we're dungeon delving she always wants to do things the right way, so that we don't get hurt. I do admire that about her - she always knew my strengths and weaknesses. She's really smart like that."

Frida piped up "She liked giving me candy!" Penelope nodded.

"Do you think you knew her well?" Penelope leaned forward, curious. Clay thought about all that he and her had been through, all the times they'd shared, and everything they talked about. And he had to come to the conclusion..

"No.. not really. She didn't like talking about herself, she liked to call herself more a woman of action."

"See, even though I'm her sister, I can't help but feel I didn't know the real her. Not really. And now she's gone." She sighed, deeply. Her breath caught on the intake, and her eyes welled up with tears. "It's just me left now. Me and Frida." Frida stopped drawing for a second, but still had her head down. She was just listening.